Update microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md (#10751)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md

#### Optimize IP address ranges

> At the time of writing the IP address ranges that these endpoints correspond to are as follows. It's **very strongly** advised you use a [script such as this](https://github.com/microsoft/Office365NetworkTools/tree/master/Scripts/Display%20URL-IPs-Ports%20per%20Category) example, the [Microsoft 365 IP and URL web service](microsoft-365-ip-web-service.md) or the [URL/IP page](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md) to check for any updates when applying the configuration, and put a policy in place to do so regularly. If utlizing Continuous Access Evaluation please refer to [Continuous Access Evaluation IP address variation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-continuous-access-evaluation#ip-address-variation-and-networks-with-ip-address-shared-or-unknown-egress-ips). Routing Optimized IPs through a Trusted IP\VPN may be required to prevent blocks related to "insufficient_claims" or "Instant IP Enforcement check failed" in certain scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the IP address ranges that these endpoints correspond to are as follows. It's **very strongly** advised you use a [script such as this](https://github.com/microsoft/Office365NetworkTools/tree/master/Scripts/Display%20URL-IPs-Ports%20per%20Category) example, the [Microsoft 365 IP and URL web service](microsoft-365-ip-web-service.md) or the [URL/IP page](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md) to check for any updates when applying the configuration and put a policy in place to do so regularly. If utilizing continuous access evaluation, refer to [Continuous access evaluation IP address variation](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-continuous-access-evaluation#ip-address-variation-and-networks-with-ip-address-shared-or-unknown-egress-ips). Routing optimized IPs through a trusted IP or VPN may be required to prevent blocks related to _insufficient_claims_ or _Instant IP Enforcement check failed_ in certain scenarios.
```
